I'm going through every single one of
them in this video. Everything I'm about
to tell you I've done personally. Before
we get into the scripts, there are three
things that make every single one of
these work better. Target, offer, case
study. Target means the exact person
you're emailing, job title, industry,
company size, something like director of
marketing at an e-commerce company doing
over $2 million a year. The more
specific you get, the better your
results. Offer is what you sell in one
sentence. I help facilities reduce
energy costs and extend the lifespan of
their HVAC systems. Done. Case study is
proof, and you want to format it like
this. Last year our lead generation
campaigns took a major NYC agency to the
INC 5000 for the fourth time in a row.
And that's the whole formula. I've been
doing this for over a decade. My
companies have booked over 500,000
meetings through cold outreach.
Targeting and accuracy of contact data
has always been the biggest lever on
reply rate. Get those three things right
first and then the scripts work. Script
one is the shortest one in the entire
document. Subject line, quick question.
Body, hey first name, huge fan of
company name. I help companies generate
leads and make more sales. Mind if I
send more info? Thanks, Alex. That's it,
and it still works. I know it looks too
simple, but send it anyway. I know it
feels like there's more to it, but there
isn't. Script two goes longer, but the
subject line is still quick question.
This one opens with, came across your
company in our database and I'm
seriously impressed. Then you introduce
what you do. Drop a case study. Mezzolab
booked 96 meetings off 5,982
leads. Name drop a few clients you've
worked with and close with, ready to
start getting more clients? Get in touch
and I'll set up a quick call.
Then a PS complimenting their website.
And that PS works because people read PS
lines. Script three is the short case
study version. Hi name, we help
companies like yours generate more
customers using proven website
optimization techniques. We helped
Mezzolab get 96 calls off 5,982 leads in
under a month. Would you be interested
in learning more? Three sentences and
the case study does all the heavy
lifting. It's way simpler than it
sounds. Short wins more often than long,
but long can work when the case study is
specific enough to be believable. People
write long emails with vague claims like
we help businesses grow, but a case
study has a client type, a result, and a
time frame. Include all three or the
email goes nowhere. Scripts four and 18
are your voicemail follow-up emails. You
leave a voicemail, then you send an
email that says, "Hi name, I just tried
giving you a call to discuss lead
generation for your company. Please give
me a call back or send me a note when
you get the chance." The phone call
makes the email feel warmer, and
two-channel outreach, phone and email
together, consistently outperforms email
alone. The voicemail doesn't need to be
long, it just needs to happen. Script
five adds enterprise name drops. After
your intro and case study numbers, you
say, "We brought in McDonald's, BCG,
Hard Rock, and Alaska Airlines for D&T."
And prospects stop skimming and start
listening. If you've worked with any
recognizable company in your prospect's
world, put it in. Use the name they
recognize, not five they don't. Script
six is one of my favorites. Subject
line, "Do you do outreach?" Body, "Hey
first name, found your company last
night. Do you run cold email campaigns?
Thanks, Alex." Just a question, with no
pitch, no case study, and no link. The
question does two things. It filters for
the right people, and it gets a reply.
If they say yes, you follow up with the
offer, and if they say no, you either
move on or explain how you can help them
start. Okay, now flip that on its head.
Scripts seven and 20 use the girlfriend
hook. "My girlfriend told me about your
company last night, so I had to take a
look and reach out." Weird hook, I know,
but when a weird hook works, it works
big. One campaign I ran opened with a
line referencing the prospect's company
mascot, and replies came in within
hours. This might be laugh. Yes, let's
talk. Something human and specific gets
a response, and the girlfriend hook is
human because someone wrote it like a
person would. Script eight is 10x in 10
minutes. Subject line, "10x company
traction in 10 minutes." Body, "I have
an idea I can explain in 10 minutes that
can get your company its next 100 best
customers. I recently used this idea to
help Mezolab almost triple their monthly
run rate. Let's schedule a quick
10-minute call. When works best?" The
subject line is doing the work here
because 10 minutes is the commitment,
and next 100 best customers is the
outcome, which means you want to keep
the ask small and the result big.
Scripts nine, 15, and 19 all lead with
time savings or social proof from named
clients. Things like save sales
directors like you as many as 20 hours
each week on prospecting. Or X27,
Taplio, and Mezolab are all huge fans.
Named clients beat generic claims every
time. So, if you've got real companies
using your product, lead with them.
Script 10 is the robot notification
email. My team of robots told me that
you are trying to scale your sales team.
It's playful and it works because it
catches people off guard. Doing outreach
without a solid database leads to wasted
time, an unmotivated sales team, and
people saying, "Cold email doesn't
work." And that list is accurate. The
Close offers a second set of eyes rather
than demanding a call. I built teams
that do this at scale. Scripts 29 and 30
are the is that true and yes or no
emails. I was using our platform to
search for companies likely to purchase
leads for outbound campaigns, and your
name came up. Is it true? Or the even
blunter version, do you guys buy B2B
leads? Just give me a yes or no so I can
see if our database is working properly.
That second one pulls replies from
people who ignore everything else
because they want to help you test
something. And the ask is small enough
that it barely registers as a sales
email. Script 31 is the soulmate email.
I was asking some of my friends about
companies that would need lead
generation, and you guys came up. Then I
dug deeper and fell in love. Your
company is my soulmate, and I want No, I
need to generate leads for you. Will you
let me live my dream? Seriously, this is
not a joke. It also works for certain
audiences. Founders who have a sense of
humor, companies with a fun brand, any
situation where the relationship might
survive a joke. Use it carefully. Script
32 is the I got your details from a list
email. It leads with, "Hi, I'm Alex. I
got your details from a list." Gasp. But
hey, that means you're list-worthy, and
that's got to be something, right? Then
closes by offering to buy lunch, coffee,
or tequila shots, and promising to be
somewhat entertaining. The funniest
prospect reply I ever got to a cold
email was someone who said, "You're the
only person who's made me laugh this
week. Fine, let's talk." And that deal
closed. Humor builds trust. Script 34
cuts straight to the case study. We
recently helped a company book 96
meetings in 1 month by generating
thousands of high-quality cold
email-ready leads. Can you point me to
the person who handles lead generation?
Two sentences. Case study first, then
you're asking to be pointed in the right
direction. Gatekeepers and the wrong
contacts are happy to pass along when
the ask is that small. Scripts 26 and 27
add credentials. I run a YouTube channel
with over 75,000 subscribers teaching
cold email and as a top performer for
six straight years, I developed a system
that guarantees the highest quality
leads in the industry. Our algorithm
shortened X27 sales life cycle by 28%
and increased revenue by 200% in only 3
months. I built a seven-figure agency on
cold email before any of this and the
credentials email works when your
credentials are specific and verifiable.
I built and sold multiple companies
doing this. Script 39 gets a different
response because asking for advice opens
the door. I'm reaching out to a couple
of sales leaders I look up to. Wanted to
ask a quick question as we scale up our
sales team. What tools are you currently
using for outbound sales? Flattery plus
curiosity. The message asks a question
and makes no ask for a meeting. People
respond when you treat them as the
expert and if they reply, you now know
exactly what they're using and where you
fit. One thing I want to name before you
go use these, getting these emails to
the right people on a clean list matters
as much as the copy itself. I sent
campaigns early in my career where
nearly half the list bounced because I
was using a garbage email finder. A
bounce rate above 5% gets your sending
domain flagged. So target 2% or below.
For leads, I use Scraper City. You can
pull unlimited B2B contacts instantly
for $149 a month. No code, no setup,
just paste a search URL, click run, and
download fresh prospects. For sending,
SmartLead and Instantly both handle
deliverability, domain rotation, and
follow-up sequences at scale. If you
need leads, check out Scraper City and
for cold email coaching, check out
Galadon Gold and if you want to grow on
X, use Tweet Loft. The next video is
coming up now.